[Music]
personal story segment tonight as you
may know actor comedian Denis Leary he
stars in the TV series Rescue Me mr.
Leary though is also an author
he had a big bestseller with a book
called why we suck a feel-good guide to
staying fat loud lazy and stupid which
kind of said many Americans are flat-out
dumb and now comes his latest book
called suck on this year which doesn't
sound like an optimistic tone either
here now mr. Leary so is it tome or tome
a tome yes like it's horrible Mel
gourmet nice now it's 12 years of
Catholic school but it was told man yeah
okay now why not terrible why do you
hate America I love America what I'm
talking about and boy I have a good
Boston why do you hate America I love
America yeah yeah I love America all
right well in your big bestseller you
write this country I assume that's
America yeah including you and most of
the people related to you by birth or
marriage or both is populated by beings
who have been so blessed for so long
that they have become almost completely
immune to any interest other than their
own it's true you see I mean come on Stu
how many people and just in your daily
walking around I don't walk around at
people carry they carry well then you
don't have to worry about right because
you're being carried around but while
you're being a carrying around don't you
notice some of these morons who are
walking around with their heads down
texting or whatever they're doing while
there was a lot of noise York City
there's a lot of noises of exercise but
not everybody everybody not you not me
what about you Leary but almost
everybody else okay
oh you you're making money I don't walk
around you're making money big money on
your books and you're basically saying
this country is doomed we're out of it
we're a bunch of pinheads no I'm not
saying that we're out of her that we're
doomed because it's still the greatest
country on the face of the planet but we
a lot of we got a lot of dead weight a
lot of dead we got a lot of dead put a
percentage on it how hard we said
America I'm gonna head wait I'm dead
wait yeah I'd have to go with at least
and I'm just gonna base this on my my
own math sir about 45 45 % you almost
half the country listen we have wide
receivers we're making you know 8
million dollars a year tweeting God
because they dropped a pass
I mean seriously though there have
always been serious there have always
been some people who are on the dubious
end but you know why America is the
greatest country in the world wife
because you can charge 18 bucks for this
book now can I just say about that yeah
now yeah at 18 bucks yeah I was 18 but
how much was your latest book my book is
like boo
25 bucks what if I bust my last book I
think was about 27 yeah Jon Stewart's
latest book earth is like 32 bucks yeah
it'll take you 12 minutes to read this
book yes I read in seven seven bang cut
seven minutes yeah seven minutes plays
you're charging masseuse rate it's one
to the it's one trip to the bathroom on
Christmas morning I know it's how old
you look Cleary
I'm telling you if you can get out 18
bucks for this book yeah America's the
greatest companies over a coaster bill
but it also illuminates your other point
what we may be the dumbest people on
earth to spend it 18 bucks I just bought
my portion of that the the profits go to
either Larry Firefighters foundation or
your daddy so for you so you can feel
good buy
while you're going to the bathroom for
seven minutes I I thought it was 12 but
you know what you're a smarter guy than
me say you read fat oh there's any doubt
about 7 minutes
would you consider yours not a selling
point to me because I think too many
books are too long too big yeah like my
book 250 pages is too long for you Larry
but you go to 50 is a good number that
kind of doing it hire people to read it
to you you know that's what you should
do I carry around apparently yeah I got
people who can do that I think that's
fantastic no no but you know I say one
thing sure if you ever really did that
that would be such a great thing why not
people carrying your carried onto the
Letterman Show by I don't know what they
call doing that on Thursday I will you
should be carried out I think so on and
on I only do that if Dave carries me
well the only time I'll do that's
probably okay plus because I've carried
him for a number of years yes um now are
you a liberal of Boston liberal by I am
Matt Damon are you Ben Affleck are you
those guys no I'm not Ben nf1 no because
my guys in Boston aren't like you guys
I'm not what do you mean you're ghetto
there who's your guy boys
well I even got see guys I was you know
I lived up yeah maybe right my guys
aren't the liberal guy well it COO who
would be your guy well I'm an actor wise
are you gonna compare cuz you're calling
me Matt Damon which by the way I take is
a when he said he's a left-wing I advise
an actor I take that as a caller I think
that more athletes are my guys in actors
but like who I'm not gonna embarrass
stem because anybody associated with me
their whole life is over I'm a Jack
Kennedy Jack Kennedy Democrat that I was
raised my parents are Irish immigrants
they were obviously very rich a working
class working class guy fire I believe
that you know I believe in strong
military and helping those below you and
if you're balancing the budget and doing
juga did a good job as president you
should be able to sleep with whoever you
want that's the Jack Kennedy approach so
you're in the kind of libertarian
Democratic precincts I guess so all
right but you know a lot of firefighters
just beat the hell out of you you know
that yeah because they're you know
strong conservative yeah but I have a
lot of conservative views on a lot of
things so give me one
uh.well tattoos yeah yeah I you know I
basically I didn't I don't like tattoos
I don't unless you're a firefighter who
has a tattoo that has to do with that or
a military guy that's those are people
who should have tattoos right maybe if
you're a Keith Richards you don't like
the spider on your neck I don't like the
spider runnin I don't know I think I
think that sends a wrong message
you know morons okay I don't like you
know I don't like a lot you know we
found common ground Larry yeah we did we
did thanks a lot
did you hate the tattoos - I don't like
the tattoo in a way all right the book
is famous a day times seven minutes bill
around Thank You Denis Leary when we
come right